Add documentation (#17)
eik-lib/sink-gcs: README.md

# @eik/sink-gcs

A sink for writing to and reading from [Google Cloud Storage][gcs].

[![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/eik-lib/sink-gcs.svg)](https://david-dm.org/eik-lib/sink-gcs)
[![GitHub Actions status](https://github.com/eik-lib/sink-gcs/workflows/Run%20Lint%20and%20Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/eik-lib/sink-gcs/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Run+Lint+and+Tests%22)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/eik-lib/sink-gcs/badge.svg?targetFile=package.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/eik-lib/sink-gcs?targetFile=package.json)

> The intention of the [Eik][eik] sink modules is to be able to write and read files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The intention of the [Eik][eik] sink modules is to be able to write to and read from
```

> to  different backends by swapping sink modules. Because each sink implements the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different backends by swapping sink modules. Because each sink implements the
```

same public API it is possible to use this sink in one environment and another sink
in another environment.

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install @eik/sink-gcs
```

## Example

> Read an file from [Google Cloud Storage][gcs] and serve it on http:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read a file from [Google Cloud Storage][gcs] and serve it on HTTP:
```

```js
const { pipeline } = require('stream');
const express = require("express");
const Sink = require("@eik/sink-gcs");

const app = express();
const sink = new Sink({
    credentials: {
        client_email: 'a@email.address',
        private_key: '[ ...snip... ]',
        projectId: 'myProject',
    },
});

app.get("/file.js", async (req, res, next) => {
    try {
        const file = await sink.read('/path/to/file/file.js');
        pipeline(file.stream, res, (error) => {
            if (error) return next(error);
        });
    } catch (error) {
        next(error);
    }
});

app.listen(8000);
```

## Constructor

Create a new Sink instance.

```js
const Sink = require("@eik/sink-gcs");

const sink = new Sink({
    credentials: {
        client_email: 'a@email.address',
        private_key: '[ ...snip... ]',
        projectId: 'myProject',
    },
});
```

### options

An options object containing configuration. The following values can be provided:

* `.credentials` - Object - A Google Cloud Storage [auth object][gcs-auth] - Required.

## API

> The Sink instance has the following API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sink instance has the following API:
```

### .write(filePath, contentType)

Async method for writing a file to storage.

> The method takes the following arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method takes the following arguments:
```

* `filePath` - String - Path to the file to be stored - Required.
* `contentType` - String - The content type of the file - Required.

Resolves with a writable stream.

```js
const fromStream = new SomeReadableStream();
const sink = new Sink({ ... });
try {
    const file = await sink.write('/path/to/file/file.js', 'application/javascript');

>     pipeline(fromStream, file.stream, (error) => {

Reviewer: promise and a stream?

        if (error) console.log(error);
    });
} catch (error) {
    console.log(error);
}
```

### .read(filePath)

Async method for reading a file from storage.

The method takes the following arguments:

* `filePath` - String - Path to the file to be read - Required.

```js
const toStream = new SomeWritableStream();
const sink = new Sink({ ... });
try {
    const file = await sink.read('/path/to/file/file.js');

>     pipeline(file.stream, toStream, (error) => {

Reviewer: So the API is that `sink.read` returns a promise but that promise has a stream property? where is the actual file data in this example? In the pipeline callback?

        if (error) console.log(error);
    });
} catch (error) {
    console.log(error);
}
```

### .delete(filePath)

> Async method for deleting a file on the storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Async method for deleting a file in storage.
```

> The method takes the following arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method takes the following arguments:
```

* `filePath` - String - Path to the file to be deleted - Required.

Resolves if file is deleted and rejects if file could not be deleted.

```js
const sink = new Sink({ ... });
try {
    await sink.delete('/path/to/file/file.js');
} catch (error) {
    console.log(error);
}
```

### .exist(filePath)

> Async method for checking if a file exist in the storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Async method for checking if a file exists in the storage.
```

> The method takes the following arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method takes the following arguments:
```

* `filePath` - String - Path to the file to be checked for existence - Required.

> Resolves if file exist and rejects if file does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resolves if file exists and rejects if file does not exist.
```
